# Medichain-Electronic-Health-Record-EHR
Blockchain is a technology designed to manage electronic data that has the potential to support transparency and accountability. A blockchain is a ledger of transactions where an identical copy is visible to all the members of a computer network. Network members validate the data entered into the ledger and once entered, the data are immutable. Blockchain was originally developed for cryptocurrencies to eliminate the need for intermediaries, such as banks while protecting against a high risk of fraud and theft. In the health sector, there are transactions where transparent and immutable record keeping may also be important, such as purchasing and shipping transactions in supply chains for medical equipment and pharmaceuticals; and tracking permissions and access of personnel to facilities, medical records, or other health data. Questions for policymakers include, to what degree is blockchain necessary to preserve the integrity of these transactions? Do its costs and benefits compare favorably against alternative technologies, such as a traditional, centrally-managed, database? While well-established systems for assessing pharmaceutical innovations exist, there is no equivalent for other types of innovations, including digital solutions. Often there is an asymmetry of information between software vendors and purchasers that can place health systems at a disadvantage. This is particularly problematic for blockchain-enabled solutions because there are few practical applications. 
